Multi-State Conference Call 04/25/19

Attendees
Matthew
MD Creator of Maryland Expungement (MD Expungement)
Currently at Harvard
Nate
PA
Maintainer of CLS Expungement Generator
Director of Law and Tech
Pauline Quirion
Greater Boston Legal Services
Sana
CfJJ
Quinten
GBLS
Michelle
CfB
Terms
Pro se = not lawyers
MA Process
We need more specific info about all the ways you can get CORIs
Who can get them with what procedure?
How are they given digital? Physical?
CLS Expungement Generator - Nate
Audience & Deployment
Attorneys
Technology
Website
Scrapes client info from gov website
Development
Matthew Hollander was developer
Didn't originally scrape dockets. First had to get the docs themselves and... scan them in? Something like that.
Don't recall. Assuming developed with attorneys.
Attempted simpler form, but decided questions were too complex
Pointers to Adjacent Work
Privacy
logins, passwords
otherwise same as MD
Keep [some?] data for analysis
Store whole expungement data maybe?
Don't store forms generated
'Should expunge?'
Similar disclaimer stuff as MD Expungement
Juvenile records
Doesn't deal with juvenile records. Getting info is harder. Process of expungement is harder.
State
Misc
Score boards of how many expungement each attorney has completed create friendly competition
MD Expungement - Matt
Audience & Deployment
Accessible to anyone
Mostly used by attorneys
Lots of free expungement clinics were set up in MD
Technology
Also scrapes CORI data
Website
Chrome extension that accesses cases from gov website (does the website version not allow access to gov records?)
Can expunge in bulk
Users can have accounts
Development
Developed side-by-side with attorneys
No discovery or beta testing for lay people
Making for attorneys first is more simple
Pointers to Adjacent Work
Links to email application for assistance to lawyers (using scraped record)
Privacy
long term: store case number, but not anything else (to identify how many cases were attempted and how many were successful. Don't purge those.)
store whole record [I think it was temporarily before filing]
temp storage on server side as program analyzes
records are all public records anyway
Case number, attorney, what forms they printed, outcomes
Don't store forms generated
'Should expunge?'
One or two-line to warn about should expunge. Assumes some level of knowledge about the laws.
Juvenile records
Doesn't deal with juvenile records. Getting info is harder. Process of expungement is harder.
State
Not worried about being hacked to change records.
Records were public. No fear of info being hacked and easy to show how tool could work with them.
Don't want big downloadable files, though. [(the states don't or the project doesn't? And why?)]
Expunge Maryland - Jason
(not present. get in touch?)
Jason Tuche (sp?)
Really small completion rate
Believes it was due to length of form.
Had to answer questions that didn't know the answer to?
Scary questions?
Mobile friendly?
Save progress?
Too many clinics available to make the tool useful?
CfB and CFJJ Comments
Michelle: Making for attorneys 'first' may not be a useful way to discuss our about making something for lay people. A tool for lawyers and for lay people would need to be totally different. Lawyers would probably prefer technical Maybe we can find an elegant way to provide for both in one form, but we should remember that.
Possible MA Audiences:
Citizens
Attorneys with access to digital records
  Self-help centers in the courts (do they have computer systems that we could integrate with?)
Quinten: if self-help center already has to deal with these forms, they may be interested in having a tool, otherwise not. They have a bank of six computers.
Further Questions
Numbers and figures on form completion from lay people
What after-form follow-up did the tool do?
Misc
  Pittsburgh is looking to get a grant for a client-facing tool. Get in touch?

